README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README and add MIT License file

README.md, after:

# Joana Parente – Portfolio Website (v3)

This is the source code of my personal portfolio website. Built with **Next.js 15**, **TypeScript**, **Tailwind CSS v4**, and **Sanity CMS**, it reflects my design sensibility and approach to clean, performant, and scalable web development.

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **CMS**: Sanity v4 (with internationalization support)
- **UI Components**: Shadcn/ui
- **Theming**: Dark/light mode via `next-themes`

---

## 🔐 Notes

This repository is public for transparency and learning purposes but **not intended to be reused or cloned** as a template. Please respect the originality of the work.

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. Please do not reuse without permission.

---

## 👩‍💻 About Me

I’m Joana Parente, a full-stack web developer and digital strategist based in Portugal. I help small businesses and creators stand out online with thoughtful design, clean code, and scalable architecture.

📫 [joana@joanaparente.com](mailto:joana@joanaparente.com)  
🌐 [joanaparente.com](https://joanaparente.com)  
🔗 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joanaparente) | [GitHub](https://github.com/joanaparente)
